very good to see it did you watch the
Oscars last night they were last night
[Laughter]
missed it again
you didn't even go into your nominated
for Best Actor right
what yeah you're nominated for witness
the movie witness you were nominated in
1986 you did not attend the Oscars well
I had a lot of homework or maybe it was
the time before I don't remember
you were almost you're almost pleading
with the Star Wars people to kill Han
Solo you were you were had enough of Han
Solo you wanted him dead and then we're
putting a different complexion I figured
that his that his utility had been
exhausted mm-hmm bled out
mm-hmm and I was with and I was willing
to die for the call the cause bring some
gravitas some base and you did indeed
die for the cause and yet then we
there's no you know no good deed goes
unpunished yeah yeah like Jesus Han Solo
rose again how much Jesus maybe a little
less dramatically than Jesus but and it
took more time than it took Jesus but
it's still like Jesus yes and how did
that happen who convinced you to do that
because I would imagine it would take
some convincing JJ said this is a good
idea
uh-huh i JJ have decided that this is a
good idea
uh-huh and and I would like you to do it
and you trust him enough that when he
says something like that you're on board
don't you well yes I do
yeah absolutely yeah but I'm you know
I'm not Harrison Ford quite a distance
from it yeah actually either you know
PMO remove this man what kind of music
Oh Harry Ford I marry for it what kind
of music are you do you like in general
I generally like the kind of music
nobody is liking at the time I see
because this is something that was Italy
stood by Sergio Mendes and on Facebook
and there he is Sergio Mendes he did a
lot of very popular songs that's me
he wrote the force awakens before han
Solo is a great carpenter named Harrison
Ford and here he is with his crew of the
day they finished building my recording
studio back in 1970 Thank You Harrison
may the force be with you and there you
are baked out of your mind
yes working working man when you were
working as a carpenter of building these
kind of places here in LA would you
charge more to a celebrity than you
would to a regular civilian wouldn't you
yes Sergio spent six million dollars on
that recording studio
do you still fix things around the house
you still put those skills to use yeah
if it's not too complicated it's not too
complicated you will do it yeah and our
people overly impressed by that not my
wife she expects it and you do it yeah
you worked at the first is it was it the
first cratenbarrel
in Chicago yeah yeah when was that that
you worked at Crate and Barrel cuz I
love this idea this video is for about
four months until I got fired you old
they fired you
yeah why did they fire you I came back
late from lunch that was it yeah what
was your position there
I vaguely remembered that I was either
it was their first store uh-huh and the
couple that owned the company were still
there was this Crate and Barrel with
radium bear yeah was your job there I
was the incompetent manager of the store
oh you were the manager of the store I
think so Wow
was the store more rustic like was the
stuff more substantial than that crates
and barrels they were actually good to
go stuff was in crates in there
hence the name I guess well we're gonna
take a break when we come back well I
have a bunch of things to talk to you
about including the new movie the call
of the wild which Harrison Ford is in he
stars it we'll be right back with
Harrison Ford after
[Applause]
watch yourself
[Music]
that's mine hey thanks that's the call
of the wild the hell would you guys find
a dog that plays the harmonica Jimmy we
made the dog up
you made a dog impossible I don't
believe it out of a dog's part out of
dog parts you know there's no dog there
was no dog what do you mean there's no
dog I saw a dog I saw they don't play no
harmonica
there was a dog he'd be sitting right
here uh-huh there's no dog ruined
everything
yeah by the way the I don't know if
you've seen I'm saying don't go to the
movie because in the movie there's a dog
there is a dog but when I shot that
scene no no no I said have you seen the
review where's the dog the call of the
wild that call was perfect Donald J
Trump this was a perfect fall it's a
great call so the reviews were really
pouring in
[Applause]
would you you know what's the first
thing that sumbitch is done for me you
know science Bob is a speaking of
science yes yeah yo speaking of science
yes yeah well yes science has come under
attack hasn't it you think yeah I think
so out the door we don't believe in
science anymore
nobody here believes in science anymore
right we can't even believe in dogs
anymore thanks to some of this stuff you
know that's that's that's a lesser
offense we're um we're good in science
when you're in school I was good III was
I was good at the dissection uh-huh at
the cutting up of the air yeah of small
data animals uh-huh did you get good
grades in school in general up until
about the fifth grade when did you p6
sixth grade 100% sixth grade was my peak
yeah kind of I I wasn't a girl I was new
great student no that's why I'm an actor
now because because in the middle of my
college career I realized that I was
never gonna make it that it wasn't
happening would you be interested in
staying out and maybe picking up some of
that science knowledge that you may have
missed by dropping out of school
yeah because otherwise how do we know
real information right from total right
exactly
it's science so what we're gonna do is
if you don't mind science we will take a
break and we will come back and when we
do we will weed out with Harrison Ford
and science Bob the real from the yes
right back with science Bob if you liked
that video then put a ring on it click
the subscribe button below
Oh